As a visitor to the website I want to see the whole outline of the campus and surrounding areas so I can see the whole campus.

As a student I want to be able to click a building and see all the rooms, objects, and other important things inside of clicked building so I can locate something specific.

As a commuting student I want to see all the available parking for commuters so that I can find a parking spot that won’t cause a violation.

As a live in student I want click the living dorms and see a full breakdown of all the rooms in the dorm by floor so I can navigate to my specific room.

As a student I want to put 2 spots on the map and have it calculate a walking time and distance for multiple trails so I can see how long it will take to get from 1 spot to another and to act as a gps if I am lost. 

As a faculty member I want to see all the available parking for staff so I can find parking.

As a disabled person I would like to have a slider that when turned on shows the campus but with handicap friendly areas so I know where it is easy for me to navigate.

As a user I would like a search bar that I can type in to which also has suggested results to pinpoint a specific room or building and I can type in the nickname and get the same result (ie networking lab - H1260)

As a student I would also like a calendar dropdown button that shows all important events in the next 2 weeks so I won’t miss any.

As a student I would like a slider or legend that indicates where non classroom areas are (basketball court, open field, parking, elevator, gym, hangout areas, cafeteria, school stores) so I know where I can go and hang out with my friends

As a student when I click on a building I would like to see dates and time when the building is open/closed to know when it’s open

As a student I would like to be able to save a few certain specific rooms/areas into my maps both for location and as a tool to help me remember what classes i have or where I frequently go.

As a student I want to find amenities (restrooms, dining halls, vending machines, ATMs) so I can take care of personal needs while on campus.

As a traveler I would like to see all shuttle stops and for roads around the school to be named and marker to help with traveling.

As a student when I click on a specific room I would like to see what classes are occurring that day or to see which teachers it is and what hours they claim to be available to see if I can chat with my teacher or advisor. 

As a visitor to the website whenever I click on a building I would like a back to campus map button so I can quickie see the whole campus again.

As a visitor to the website whenever I click on a building or room I would like to see an image of clicked building/room to pop up to see the building/room.


